a few years ago
Because of the new virus pandemic.
I became the last one in the world...
(Good morning.)
A man who can stand up.
Struggle. Adam.
(Episode 1: Sympathize with Me and Struggle)
(Protecting Men's Human Rights)
It's your first day at school.
If you don't like the sound of it.
It's going to be a pain in the ass.
But Hina-san. that...
Aren't there too many girls here?
More than 90% of our school is girls.
It would be terrible if someone found out I had an erection.
What's wrong with your attitude?
This one belongs to the guy from earlier...
I'll take it to her.
Sonomiya.
Hey. wait a minute.
It hurts...
Sonomiya. are you okay?
It sucks.
It's getting raggedy.
That's why I hate men.
No. that's...
He tore off Yuki's skirt.
And he broke her keychain.
Aren't boys too hateful?
Anyway. you come over here first.
It's bad.
But sis. thank you for helping me...
I'm sorry. Is that too much?
Because it's almost a girls' school.
It's not easy to forget.
cold and offensive (talk or manner)
disastrous
What's wrong with you?
sure enough
School... Sister?
Sonomiya.
Girls are actually very horny.
Half the world is women.
But you're the only man who can make love.
There was only 1 Adam. but 4 billion Eve's.
God is a cruel man.
If you sympathize with me.
Just struggle. Adam.
Look. do you want to stick it in?
No. it's not. It's too...
Come here.
Pussy's so tight. it feels like it's gonna break.
Hina.
I don't care. Put it all in.
Inside my sister's place. it's a hot mess.
That's what sex is.
My back moved without authorization...
It's so comfortable.
That's awesome.
So that's what everyone was doing before.
Don't suck so hard.
feel great
very comfortable
Miss. I'm almost... I have to...
Me too... Awesome... It's coming.
There you go.
That's not good.
Still... Shoot...
If it comes out.
They'll be used as experimental animals until the day they die.
If it's all right.
Maybe it's not so bad.
Is that really the case...
Of course I'll keep your secret.
But in exchange...
Let me help you with your sexuality.
Struggle. Adam.